Add 'config' example (#6788)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: examples/config/README.md

# Config example

> This is an end-to-end example showing how to use the new `config` package, allowing OTel SDK to be configured using an external configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an end-to-end example showing how to use the new `config` package, allowing the OTel SDK to be configured using an external configuration file.
```

## Usage

> 1. start a backend that is capable of receiving logs, metrics, and traces in OTLP format. If you are unsure, `otel-tui` is a simple option that works.

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the otel-tui project?

> 1. start a backend that is capable of receiving logs, metrics, and traces in OTLP format. If you are unsure, [`otel-tui`](https://github.com/ymtdzzz/otel-tui) is a simple option that works.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. start a backend that is capable of receiving logs, metrics, and traces in OTLP format. If you are unsure, [`otel-tui`](https://github.com/ymtdzzz/otel-tui) is one available option.
```
